what a unique view such a faraway down
Matt Jeff Hardy Leon France tonight we
tore the house down that still is
undefeated I however lost but yet still
succeeded because the crowd was rocking
and the Hardy Boys are here in TNA to
stay and make changes we're here to
evolve and lead TNA into the future that
said in these early a.m. hours we will
continue and now ferment as I stand here
before you 3:00 a.m. in the morning it's
been a long night a very successful
night
once again mighty name record has grown
to four and zero that's right undefeated
untouchable who's next you put together
the men behind the camera the Antichrist
and then the holy spirit of the hardy
name the man who will be known this cold
blood Matt Hardy there is no stopping
Matt or Jeff we're to do what Tina has
need to do for a very very long time and
that is move it to the next level and we
will and whether you agree with what
we're doing or not just stick with us
because believe me in the big scheme of
things in the big picture it's the right
thing to do how do I know that because
there's people out there that mimic me
that hate on me and imitation is the
most sincere form of flattery so you go
right ahead sticks and stones may break
my bones but your words or your videos
will never hurt me
my name is Matt Hardy and you will learn
just how cold-blooded I can be and by
the time the year 2011 is over Jeff and
I will be standing on top of TNA much
like we're standing on the 60th floor of
this hotel
we are the penthouse we are the pinnacle
we're the zenith of TNA and believe me
you we are going to places TNA has never
been before and it will all go there
because of the name party on the marquee
Matt Hardy you guys all know will not
die just imagine
how a cold-blooded Matt Hardy is gonna
be to deal with I will be immortal